We're done for this course.
You learned a lot about ionic and how do you build exciting applications with the many features it offers
you.
Most importantly we built a web app and still we can run this as a native mobile app.
And of course we can all deploy it as such an app they offer.
And that's exactly what we'll do in this module.
All first of all start by adding custom icons and a splash screen for our mobile apps so that you can
customize that and I'll show you how that would work.
Once we're done with Dad we can build the app and you will learn how to deploy it as an Android app.
So to the Google Play store how to deploy it as an ISIS app to the Apple App Store and how to deploy
it as a progressive web app or as a web app in general because that of course is also something you
can do.
We test it does app in the browser all the time.
Well obviously we did so because it is a web app and hence we can deploy it as such.
And in this module we'll cover all these cases.